## Ethnic and Community Media Print, Digital, and Broadcast Outlet Directory

New York City is one of the most diverse cities in the United States, and the news publications New Yorkers read reflect that diversity. Community and Ethnic Media outlets are an important way for the City to make sure that all New Yorkers, including those with limited English proficiency or who are part of immigrant communities, are aware of City government programs and services. In 2019, Mayor de Blasio issued Executive Order 47, calling for City agencies to spend at least half of their overall advertising budgets with Community and Ethnic Media outlets. The directory of eligible outlets is available as a dataset and serves as a resource for agencies, listing more than 200 approved print and digital media outlets where agencies can direct their spending to comply with the executive order.

This directory displays the extensive range of communities served by local media outlets in the City. Anyone studying the dataset would better understand the breadth and depth of the City’s media landscape, especially as it pertains to communities of color and communities who speak another language. This summer, this work was codified into law, creating the Office of Ethnic and Community Media to ensure efforts to better reach every New Yorker continue.

To understand the impact of this program, visit the [Community and Ethnic Media Agency Ad Spend dataset on Open Data](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Executive-Order-47-Community-and-Ethnic-Media-Agen/9tn4-3mgm), which shows agency expenditures and compliance with EO 47. Visit the Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment website to learn more about the [Community and Ethnic Media program](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/mome/industries/community-media.pag).

